README.md, before:

# Terminal Tool

## Soft

- Zsh
- [vtop](https://github.com/MrRio/vtop)
- [neovim](https://neovim.io/) -> [nightly](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases)
- [desk](https://github.com/jamesob/desk)
- [pgcli](https://www.pgcli.com/)
- [mycli](https://www.mycli.net/)
- [http-propt](https://github.com/eliangcs/http-prompt)
- [dry](https://moncho.github.io/dry/)
- [Fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)

### Powered by Rust

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
  - [rg](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)
  - [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd)
  - [exa](https://github.com/ogham/exa)

### Powerd by Go

- [Go](https://golang.org/)
  - [wuzz](https://github.com/asciimoo/wuzz)
  - [csvlint](https://github.com/Clever/csvlint)


## Color theme

- [base16](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16)
  - gruvbox hard (+ palette 256)

## Neovim

- [Metals](https://scalameta.org/metals/docs/editors/vim.html)

### Coc Extensions

- highlight
- sql
- marketplace
- utilsnips
- yank
- lists
- tslint-plugin
- tsserver
- json
- git

## Installation

### Symlink

| source          | destination                                 |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------|
| bin folder      | a folder add in your PATH                   |
| zshrc           | $HOME                                       |
| profile         | $HOME                                       |
| gitconfig       | $HOME                                       |
| gitignore       | $HOME                                       |
| wuzz            | $HOME                                       |
| vifm            | $HOME                                       |
| tmux            | $HOME                                       |
| tmux/tmux.conf  | $HOME                                       |
| nvim            | $XDG_CONFIG_HOME                            |
| pgcli/config    | $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/pgcli                      |
| efm-config.yaml | $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/efm-langserver/config.yaml |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------|


## Install

> git submodules init

Commit message:

Update nvim + git + zsh conf
- Add netrc and gpg support to git
  - add git credential helper
- Update function loading in zsh
- Update starship configuration
- Remove old lazynvm script
- Remove some Coc config in nvim

README.md, after:

# Terminal Tool

## Soft

- Zsh
- [vtop](https://github.com/MrRio/vtop)
- [neovim](https://neovim.io/) -> [nightly](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases)
- [desk](https://github.com/jamesob/desk)
- [pgcli](https://www.pgcli.com/)
- [mycli](https://www.mycli.net/)
- [http-propt](https://github.com/eliangcs/http-prompt)
- [dry](https://moncho.github.io/dry/)
- [Fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)

### Powered by Rust

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
  - [rg](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)
  - [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd)
  - [exa](https://github.com/ogham/exa)

### Powerd by Go

- [Go](https://golang.org/)
  - [wuzz](https://github.com/asciimoo/wuzz)
  - [csvlint](https://github.com/Clever/csvlint)


## Color theme

- [base16](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16)
  - gruvbox hard (+ palette 256)

## Neovim

- [Metals](https://scalameta.org/metals/docs/editors/vim.html)

### Coc Extensions

- highlight
- sql
- marketplace
- utilsnips
- yank
- lists
- tslint-plugin
- tsserver
- json
- git


## GIT
### Git credantial with gpg
https://grahamlopez.org/git/git_credentials.html

NB: in your gitconfig file, be sure to not have the field `username` under `[credential]` section

## Installation

### Symlink

| source          | destination                                 |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------|
| bin folder      | a folder add in your PATH                   |
| zshrc           | $HOME                                       |
| profile         | $HOME                                       |
| gitconfig       | $HOME                                       |
| gitignore       | $HOME                                       |
| wuzz            | $HOME                                       |
| vifm            | $HOME                                       |
| tmux            | $HOME                                       |
| tmux/tmux.conf  | $HOME                                       |
| nvim            | $XDG_CONFIG_HOME                            |
| pgcli/config    | $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/pgcli                      |
| efm-config.yaml | $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/efm-langserver/config.yaml |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------|


## Install

> git submodules init
